It was a long long time back when demons and gods were two forces live in a separate realm. The demons had a leader(I haven't thought about any names yet) and his 2 more brothers, his only motive was to get freedom from the cycle of birth and deaths created by the gods. They want to rise above the creation of the gods and ultimately rule and govern the entire universe. They started a war against gods, it was a massive and historic battle between Devs and Asurs, many devs died and ultimately when Vishnu entered the battlefield, he killed the leader of the demon and his middle brother left with the little brother alone. After loosing this battle the  little brother decided not to fight directly with devs but they will play cunningly. They decided that they will show gods that demons are now the worshippers of the Vishnu and Shiva and they want peace, they preached their clan people that start worshipping gods and be like devs. This all deception just for gaining the trust of gods so that when the time comes, they can defeat and ultimately rise above gods. Indra was not happy seeing all of this because he was insecure that they are trying to take the devs place, imitating and acting like them. They are asurs, they can't worship gods. The remaining brother of the Asurs leader who was died in the great battle, he worshipped Brahma for 1 lakh years and finally when Brahma appears he asked him to ask for a boon, the demon said he wants to be immortal in every manner, Brahma denied because it was against the rules of the creation, he then said I want a boon that no existing astra, shastra, god or god's son or their family members none can kill him, nor any human animal or any other being who is alive can kill him. He also said he should be able to pass this boon to anybody whenever he wants indifinetly. Brahma smirks and said I agree to all that but you can only give this boon one time in your entire life. he said Thastu. He returned to his palace started preparing for the war. Here when Devadi Indra heard that Brahma have given such a boon to that demon he got furious, He went straight to Shiva and said you have to kill him and revoke or cancel the boon, Shiva said he has worshipped with his whole heart and soul and he deserves that. We can't kill who has Bhakti in his heart, his kingdom has so many demons who are truly worshipping. You should not panic and if anyhting wrong happens, we will handle. Indra disagree and thought he can alone defeat the demon, he asked other devs and went to their realm to kill them, when he attacked the demon, the demon started to play victim in front of their clan that they were worshipping gods but gods are cruel that they are now here to kill them, all the demons were furious and understood that gods are bias and therefore they turned against them. They started the war, the demon's plan got successful and when the war got out of the hands of Indra, he called SHiva Vishu and Brahma for help, he knew if Shiva won't come, they will kill him. He sent a dev to Shiva to tell him that Indra is fighting with demon lord and he was the one who started the fight and now all the demons are against them. Shiva was furious on Indra because he has disturbed the balance. Shiva knew about the boon, he went into the battle field and tried to control him, but the power was so immense that he knew he can't simply kill him. He immediately closes his eyes, killed a portion of his divine soul, by doing the process, a strange fluid created inside Shiva's body, a Golden blood, which when mixed with the dead portion of his soul, an entity was born named as Shunyam Avatar ( Dead Zero Soul Incarnation) The being so originated was dead because it had no soul, the entity carried a unique Astra which doesn't exist before, the name of the weapon was Shulakr, a two sided trident which wraps around the arms of the entity. the weapon was flexible, it can become a straight stick, it can break in two halves and can be used as  two tridents, it can be thrown and will come back and like Kratos Axe. By seeing the entity, demon knows that he can't defeat him , the battle started and the moment that enetiy was about to kill the demon, that very moment demon used his boon to transfer his boon into one of his weapon, it was a sword of the demon, the shulakr entered directly in the heart of the demon and killed him instantly, nobody knew that the boon has now been transferred. The Shunyamavatar vanished and the weapon was given to the Rishi Agastya to hide it deep somewhere so that nobody can reach it. Here, Shiva was in deep grief, because that demon was dead but the war had also killed the true followers of him, who worshipped him with whole heart, they didn't get any chance to know the truth and they just die with that lie which was told by the demon lord. He went into deep meditation state for indefinite times. 
There, in the demon lord's fort, the wife of demon lord was unhappy, furious and desperately wanted to get the revenge he showed her son that  moment when Gods kill his father, she told her 4 years old son that Gods are like that you have to kill them and become stronger than them. The little boy had to take the revenge, that was the moment when an innocent boy turned his soul dark and started living with only one motive, to kill gods and take revenge of his father, when the boy turned 15, he had learnt, weaponary, fighting skills, dark magic mastery, matter manipulation and others. He went straight to kill Indra, because he was the one who started everyhting, he took the last weapon his father was carrying, the weapon in which there was the boon, during the fight there was a moment when Indra killed the dark lord with that weapon and he died there, that's what he thought, but when his body was taken back to the demon fort, her mother knew the boon has been transferred and that was all her plan, her son rose again and powerful than before. If he wants he can attack the gods but her mother told him to wait for a perfect moment, and till then search that weapon who killed your father, only that weapon can make us undisputed. 
Agastya rishi hide that weapon under the Agastyamala hills by created an illusionary maze, the weapon was hidden inside a yantra ShivaShakti yantra and can be opened only by chanting a special mantra that only he knews.

P Dutta :

yes so let me tell you that also, how it got to the arm of our protagonist. The sage agastya had a lineage and after few generations, Sage P Dutta was his descendant(we have to think which generation it is), P Dutta has mastery in Astrology, Granths and Mantras, he was a scholar who has deep knowledge of Sorcery and Mystic Powers. He and his other 4 Sages they were always curious to know the origin of this entire creation. P Dutta decided to roam the land of India and find out a best place where he and his other sage can meditate and ask god himself about his creation. He wandered to a lot of places and one day he went to Agastayamala parvat, he felt a divine presence there and decided that they will do their meditation here only. They went inside the jungles and towards a parvat, the tallest among those hills. They saw that there is an opening to the hill, they went inside and started worshipping, meditating. After few days, he found deep tunnels hidden underneath the parvat, he tried to go inside but soon realised that the tunnels are made with divine illusion and it's impossible to solve. he knew someone had deliberately created this maze to protect something and now he wanted to know, P Dutta and his sage friends are the masters of 5 elements, water, soil, air, fire and minerals of earth. They decided to create a divine being which will have the purpose to solve this maze, and as he travel inside his vision will be connected to the P Duttas vision, they will see as it travels. Finally when the entity reached at the center, they saw a temple but sealed with a spell which the entity can't enter, they entered the tunnels and reached the temple and after analysing the spell they broke it, entered inside it and found the ShivaShakti yantra, P Dutta touched and realised that this is something extraordinarilly powerful but he was unable to understand what this is. for so many days he couldn't understand it, one night when he was sleeping, Rishi Agastya, came into his dream and told him that this is a cursed weapon created by Lord SHiva, he told him the whole story, and also told him that he himself had hide it here, P Dutta shouldn't have opened the seal because now, dark lord will know the location of this weapon and soon he will attack Earth as he is now wandering in the entire universe but now you have to face him. You have no choice but to be worthy of this weapon, P Dutta asked what he has to do, Agastya said, you have to kill your soul and develop the Golden blood to awake this weapon, this will create a mark on the wrist of your left hand and this weapon will merge there, the golden blood will transform you into a divine being, you have to fight him  and defeat him, you can't kill him, because you aren't the true bearer of this weapon, you will now start ageing and finally you will die because this is your destiny now, you can't escape it. when P Dutta woke up, he knew what he had done but he now had no choice, he has to become a human and age normally and die. He started thinking about the fact that if he isn't the true bearer than who is? He sat down and started searching the future lineages of all the humans exists that time, he saw way ahead but he couldn't find anyone, then finally he thought that if he is the descendant of Agastya then it means his own lineage can have a bearer in future, for this reason he married a woman and then saw in the future and found out that his own daughter will have a son who is the true bearer of this weapon, as he found out this, now he just need a plan to just defeat dark lord. he thought he will wake the weapon only when the time will come until then  He will kill his soul gradually and generate the golden blood. P Dutta knows that he can't kill him because he isn't strong enough, so he made a master plan, he decided that he will transfer his golden blood into his daughter's blood and when in future she will be pregnant with Shlok, the blood will automaatically merge into him. He created the replica of ShivaShakti yantra and hide the original one in a secret place. He created a claws of death which will help grab the dark lord's soul into a realm created specifically to trap him. In front of him, P Dutta will destroy the replica and kill himself with it so that he can get the message that he destroyed the weapon and he leave earth and his family alone. In future, if there is a need, Shlok will find the weapon and bear it. 